How do I access my account?
You can bank from anywhere on fakebank.com and the Fake Bank Mobile® app. To enroll, go to 
fakebank.com and choose “Not enrolled? Sign up now.” Then, you can download the Fake Bank 
Mobile® app and use the same username and password to sign in on your phone or tablet.

How do I download the Fake Bank Mobile® app?
Once enrolled on fakebank.com, download the Fake Bank Mobile® app and use the same username
and password to sign in on your phone or tablet.

How can I put money in my new account?
There are several ways to easily add money to your account - Transfer money from another 
bank, Set up direct deposit from your employer, Use Fake Bank QuickDeposit to take a 
picture with your mobile device and deposit a check through the Fake Bank Mobile app, 
Use Zelle in the Fake Bank Mobile® app to send and receive money with people and businesses 
you know and trust who have an eligible account at a participating U.S. bank and Deposit 
checks and cash at Fake Bank branches and ATMs.

How can I deposit a check on the go?
You can deposit checks at a Fake Bank branch or an ATM, or you can use Fake Bank 
QuickDeposit to take a picture and deposit a check through the Fake Bank Mobile app.

How do I set up direct deposit?
Use a pre-filled direct deposit form, or you can complete one yourself (PDF). Then, just 
deliver that form with a voided check to your employer, which will begin to deposit your 
paycheck directly into your account.

Where do I find my routing and account numbers?
You can find them using the Fake Bank Mobile app or on fakebank.com by following these 
simple directions.Once you have your checks, you can also find them on the bottom of each 
check.

When will my debit/ATM card arrive?
Your card will arrive in about a week after opening your new account. If you don’t receive 
your card within two weeks, you can request a new card online.You can also do this on the 
Fake Bank Mobile app by selecting your account and then choosing the “Replace a lost or 
damaged card” icon in the “Account services” section.

How do I activate a debit card or ATM card?
You can activate a debit card online, by calling 1-800-290-3935 or by completing a 
transaction at any Fake Bank ATM using your PIN. You can begin using an ATM card immediately.

How can I lock/unlock my debit card if it’s lost or misplaced?
After signing in online or in the app, choose the account you want to lock or unlock. Then 
scroll to the “Account services” section and select “Lock & unlock card.”

How can I send and receive money?
Use Zelle in the Fake Bank Mobile app to send and receive money with people and businesses 
you know and trust who have an eligible account at a participating U.S. bank.

How do I order checks from Fake Bank?
If checks come with your account, you can order them online.You may be able to make payments, 
pay bills and send money online on the Fake Bank Mobile app and at fakebank.com instead of 
writing checks.

When will my funds be available if I deposit a check using the Fake Bank Mobile® app?
Deposits submitted before 11 PM ET on a business day generally will be available the next 
business day.

What are my digital payment options?
We offer a variety of options for you - You can pay your rent, mortgage, credit card and 
other bills with Fake Bank Online Bill Pay or You can also add your debit card to your 
digital wallet and use your phone to make purchases. This allows you to make secure payments 
even when you don’t have your physical card or Use Zelle in the Fake Bank Mobile® app to 
send and receive money with people and businesses you know and trust who have an eligible 
account at a participating U.S. bank.

Where can I learn about account fees?
You can find details on Monthly Service Fees, ATM fees, and Overdraft Fees and more here 
about tips to avoid fees

How can I learn more about overdrafts?
Our Overdraft Services page can help you learn more about overdrafts and overdraft fees. 
You can review our Standard Overdraft Practice and explore options like Overdraft Protection 
and Debit Card Coverage.If you have a Fake Bank High School Checking or Fake Bank Secure 
Checking account, these services may not be available.

How do I enroll in Account Alerts to help avoid paying fees?
With Account Alerts, you’ll receive timely messages to keep you informed, like when your 
payment is due or when there’s been a high transaction on your account. You can sign up for 
Account Alerts on the Fake Bank Mobile app or fakebank.com.

How can I avoid outgoing domestic wire transfer fees?
You may be able to set up a bank-to-bank transfer to avoid these fees. Find more details 
about wire transfer fees on our Understanding Fees page.

How can I lock/unlock my debit card if it’s lost or misplaced?
After signing in online or in the app, choose the account you want to lock or unlock. Then 
scroll to the "Account services" section and select "Lock & unlock card."

Am I liable for unauthorized debit card charges?
First, we may notify you of unusual debit card transactions. You’ll get reimbursed for 
unauthorized debit card transactions when reported promptly with Zero Liability Protection.

How do I dispute an unauthorized charge on my debit card?
Our Card Dispute page provides steps to help you resolve concerns.

How can I talk with a local banker?
Set up a phone meeting online or with the Fake Bank Mobile app.